alright here's my brushless 10 scale
track the summit it's got a brushless
system in it it's got a hundred and
fifty controlled runs on four cell lipo
has a thirty six seventy four nineteen
hundred kV motor works perfectly on the
force all I pose go ahead here and turn
it on
the lockers work the two speed
transmission works on the fly is a
little hard sometimes they get stuck so
I'll try to show you what I could do in
this video hopefully I can drive and
hold on to the camera with one hand so
let's see right now it's in first gear
super low it's actually locked let me
turn those off real quick that's the
first gear right there pretty torquey
little guy
nice and quiet not too loud
then second gear there it is right there
pretty snappy actually should have the
body on at this point but I'll just
drive nice and cautiously
pretty much a beast that's not full
speed that's about half really wish I
had someone to help out the camera but
hey so yeah that's really about it just
kind of drive around all the headlights
work taillights worried tires are a nice
condition they're not torn anywhere so
the wheels been pretty well taken care
of it's got a brand new front Locker
servo that went out a little while ago
comes with the blue body with all the
excess skeletons on it it's 2.4
gigahertz the Traxxas TQ or whatever
this is the hide top qualifier high
output blah blah blah but this is pretty
much it
happy bidding